	The Record Setter app, based on the Architecture documentation, has two primary aspects.  The first (view/remove) is an ability to view and delete items from an SQLite database.  The second is the (discovery/add) process that ends with user options to add to the database.  This process involves the user taking a picture, which is scanned by Google Cloud Vision (GCV). This will identify the album name and artist name.  The results will be returned as a string and fed it to Discogs.  Discogs will identify the album, providing the information, and signaling an option for the user to add the album to the database.  Both aspects provide protection from too much user interference, with all input controlled through buttons to initiate action.  Currently, we do not seem to be utilizing one on the listed design patterns in any coherent way.
	
	There are several design patterns that could be applicable to this project.  The discover/add process itself is a series of single instance use processes, two of which require communication with external operations.  This, potentially, lends itself to several of the listed designs.  Certainly, a case could be made for the factory type of patterns.  The project is interface based, relying on the user to drive either an instance of the discover/add process or a view of the database with remove functionality. Based on our current concept, the closest pattern is the Singleton.  The user choices are constrained to a series of linear, repeatable actions.
	
	In the transition between prototyping and full implementation, a more sober look at the breath of the final product can be established.  Going into Sprint 4, more formalized structures will be set in place to utilize a design pattern that can be most easily cribbed for our purposes.  This means formalizing the union of discover/add into a coherently organized process, that properly marries to the database, and overall UI functionality.
