	This project will be an Android based app that allows users to identify an album cover and determine whether it is in their collection.  The app will use the device’s camera and Google Cloud Vision API to identify an album cover.  It will reference this with the Discogs API to determine the album and supporting information.  Finally, it will compare this to a database containing the user’s album collection.
	The project will largely be developed with in Android Studios using Java (as much as we can get away with).  The app will require means of accessing the camera on supported devices, as well as GUI functionality to read input from the camera or log, as well as basic features to review the user’s collection (add, remove, etc.). 

	Google Cloud Vision and Discogs, both, have API with support towards the type of project we are undertaking.  Currently there are several apps or plug-ins that circle around the idea we are implementing.  The big differentiator between our project is the inclusion of a method of cataloguing the user’s collection.

Vision Statement:
FOR collectors and afficionados of records, and physical editions of audio media, WHO need the ability to quickly identify if album is in their collection on the go.  THE Record Setter is an app-based service THAT allows users to quickly identify an album and determine if it is in their collection.  Unlike other visual identifying products, such as Record Player, which focus on one off identification, or for streaming support, OUR product further identifies if the user has the album in their collection.
